Update paths (#6)
yomidevs/yomichan-data-exporter: README.org

You can actually import the exported dictionaries into existing installations
of Yomichan, but it is going to require similarly annoying console one-offs.

Instead, I strongly recommend migrating to [[https://github.com/yomidevs/yomitan/][Yomitan]] where there is first-class support for importing (and
exporting) this data in the =Backup= section of the settings page. The UI there

> should be self-explanatory, but refer to the [[https://github.com/yomidevs/yomitan?tab=readme-ov-file#migrating-from-yomichan][Yomitan repo's documentation]]

Reviewer: does this link even work anymore btw

Author: Nope. Will change it.

Instead, I strongly recommend migrating to [[https://github.com/yomidevs/yomitan/][Yomitan]] where there is first-class support for importing (and
exporting) this data in the =Backup= section of the settings page. The UI there

> should be self-explanatory, but refer to the [[https://github.com/yomidevs/yomitan/blob/master/docs/yomichan-migration.md#migrating-from-yomichan][Yomitan repo's documentation]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should be self-explanatory, but refer to the [[https://yomitan.wiki/other/yomichan-migration/][Yomitan documentation page]]
```
